hi I am Robin Moses and I am here with
mammy and we are starting this tutorial
with um I have a blue here and then a
yellow here and a kind of like an
orangey red color here that I love right
now for the summer oh my gosh I see it
everywhere and Maggie's even wearing it
right now okay so this is going to be a
kind of an easy tutorial really I am
going to do stars so um very few of my
clients will let me do this on them so
here we go we start with a line like
this and then make an a like that then
go across like this okay then across and
across
okay now that it might have a little bit
of it might not cover all the way and
we'll have to go over again but then on
the littler ones you want to make a
little a and give them arms and then
push them down like that and
like that and I'm going to finish this
out and then on the on the yellow nail
I'm going to put purple stars on that as
well and then I will meet you back okay
now I'm the blue nail I have a similar
blue in paint and I've lightened it just
enough and on these ones I'm going to do
little tiny crescent moons push pull up
pull up then you push the center and
pull up push the center and pull up just
make little tiny moons all over the rest
of them and it almost just looks like a
pattern but easy cute pattern and I'll
meet you back I'm going to turn that I'm
going to I'm going to use this Jesse's
girl Firefly on here I get a lot of
questions about the Jesse's girl Firefly
because it's really sparkly so there's
that okay and here is the end product of
stars and moons and it's perfect for
summer spring and hopefully it's easy
for you guys try it and I will see you
back working with more and to all my
regular viewers I love you guys and
thank you for sharing all my stuff and I
think I'm doing it um I'm out everybody
say bye bye